Support configure FFMPEG_BINARIES_URL (#99)
eugeneware/ffmpeg-static: README.md

*Note:* During installation, it will download the appropriate `ffmpeg` binary from the [`b4.4.1` GitHub release](https://github.com/eugeneware/ffmpeg-static/releases/tag/b4.4.1). Use and distribution of the binary releases of FFmpeg are covered by their respective license.

### Custom binaries url

To use a mirror of the ffmpeg-static binaries use npm config property `ffmpeg_binaries_url`.
Default is `https://github.com/eugeneware/ffmpeg-static/releases/download`.

```shell
npm install ffmpeg-static --ffmpeg_binaries_url=https://cdn.npmmirror.com/binaries/ffmpeg-static
```

Or add property into your [`.npmrc`](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/npmrc) file.

```
ffmpeg_binaries_url=https://cdn.npmmirror.com/binaries/ffmpeg-static
```

Another option is to use PATH variable `FFMPEG_BINARIES_URL`.

```shell

> FFMPEG_BINARIES_URL=https://cdn.npmmirror.com/binaries/ffmpeg-static npm install ffmpeg-static

Reviewer: Just setting the variable won't export it, so it won't be accessible to `ffmpeg-static`'s `node install.js` (which is a child process of `npm install`).

```suggestion
env export FFMPEG_BINARIES_URL=https://cdn.npmmirror.com/binaries/ffmpeg-static npm install ffmpeg-static
```

### Custom binaries url

To use a mirror of the ffmpeg-static binaries use npm config property `ffmpeg_binaries_url`.
Default is `https://github.com/eugeneware/ffmpeg-static/releases/download`.

```shell
npm install ffmpeg-static --ffmpeg_binaries_url=https://cdn.npmmirror.com/binaries/ffmpeg-static
```

Or add property into your [`.npmrc`](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/npmrc) file.

```
ffmpeg_binaries_url=https://cdn.npmmirror.com/binaries/ffmpeg-static
```

> Another option is to use PATH variable `FFMPEG_BINARIES_URL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another option is to use the `FFMPEG_BINARIES_URL` environment variable.
```
